previous pompts already done:

 artifact page in which I can click to see more in details what's happening. Add also meaningful images (eg from wikipedia accessible figures) and explain better the meaning. 

First make a map of all authothroph categories (starting cell of the scheme) that works with sunlight if you know some. Put also branches with asterisks for mixotroph gruoups. For each leaf of the main groups list some of the main spiecem (like spirulina, or fagus silvatica). Also include a  branch form authothroph with non sun autotroph (e.g. iron or other sources)

so first you have this map. When you click on a leaf of this scheme you should be directed to and Energy Flow Diagram for that group that starts from incident light and at each split with some arrows explain the reason of the loss/split of the energy flows with a title, that can be clicked to have more details on what's happening and link to wikipedia pages. Make a graphich check on what's happening and provide me files that I can put in github to edit this


next prompts to do:   [ALL 4 DONE 2026-07-08 — see DEPLOY-GITHUB-PAGES.md for the write-up + manual GitHub steps]

One thing to change on the energy flow diagrams: the labels of the left available energy are not visible when the box is small because they are back on black backgroyud. Put the label always on the column side of the "green energy box" with a color that contrasts the back backgrod

also in the map, instead of the capital letters logo for each leaf I want an icon/image fetched from wikipedia or other sources that gives an idea about one of the organisms outlook

the hierarchy connections in the map are but buggy, they don't start from the split points and they continue untill the bottom over the last leaf. They also have green for three subgrups level. Use different color at every split. Also, I want them to be hideble/extendable to show subgrups when expanding the > sort of icon

give me instructions on how to setup a github page for this website. I have my domain unverged.com, but I already have a webside there https://unverged.com/. I want to use the same domain but maybe add a subdomanin like ligth-descend.unverged.com (open for suggestions). Setup a github action/worflow to deply when I push to main in this repo